Update App Toolkit 0.2.0 Documentation to be more consistent (#4781)
vmware-tanzu/community-edition: addons/packages/app-toolkit/0.2.0/README.md

Application Toolkit package is a package that installs a set of packages for creating, iterating and managing applications.

For a simple tutorial on how to use Application Toolkit, please refer to the ["Getting Started with Creating a Tanzu Workload" guide](https://tanzucommunityedition.io/docs/v0.12/getting-started-tanzu-workloads/).

This documentation provides information about the specific TCE package. Please visit the [TCE package management page](https://tanzucommunityedition.io/docs/v0.12/package-management/) for general information about installation, removal, troubleshooting, and other topics.

## Installation

### Installation of dependencies

Ensure you have these in place:

* the Tanzu CLI is installed; see [Getting Started](https://tanzucommunityedition.io/docs/v0.12/getting-started/#install-tanzu-cli).
* an unmanaged cluster.
* an OCI Compliant Container registry credentials to be used in kpack, kpack-dependencies, and cartographer-catalog package configuration, and for secret creation.
* a load balancer or Ingress configuration to be used in conjunction with Contour and Knative-Serving.

### Installation of package

#### Step 1: Create the registry secret

> Install `secretgen-controller` based on the version in the secretgen-controller package docs. For example, if the version is 0.8.0:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install `secretgen-controller` based on the version in the secretgen-controller package docs. For example, if the version is 0.7.1:
```
the `0.8.0` version of secretgen-controller is not in the package repository.

```shell
tanzu package install secretgen-controller --package-name secretgen-controller.community.tanzu.vmware.com --version 0.7.1 -n tkg-system
```

Then create a registry secret `registry-credentials` using the below command:

```shell

> tanzu secret registry add registry-credentials --server REGISTRY_URL --username REGISTRY_USER --password REGISTRY_PASS --export-to-all-namespaces`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tanzu secret registry add registry-credentials --server REGISTRY_URL --username REGISTRY_USER --password REGISTRY_PASS --export-to-all-namespaces
```
extraneous closing `
